&bImportant:&r
Griefing during the 6 minute wait for World Bosses is no longer
permitted under any circumstances and will result in punishment.
The team would also like to address some of the language being
used within private contexts on the server. Discriminatory and
inappropriate language is not permitted in these contexts, and
will result in punishment. The reason for this is the team does
not wish to foster a culture where it is acceptable to use
discriminatory language.
We'd also like to clarify that having your message blocked by
the chat filter is not considered grounds for an unmute if one
is issued.Hey everyone!
I've been waiting a long time to follow through with this, but
have decided to step officially step down from being a Monumenta
Lead and likely development as whole. I was one of the original
founders of this project and seeing it grow the way it has since
2016 has been one of the most fulfilling things I've ever done.
The way this project and community have grown has exceeded my
wildest expectations. Thank you everyone for being a part of
this whether you're a developer, mod, or player. Everything here
has meant so much to me and I'm excited to see how things
continue on into the future.
I'll be around to be a gremlin as usual every little bit, but
it'll be more as a player more than anything. If you guys see me
around be sure to say hi!Please welcome @whyprophecy as our
newest Moderator! Don't be afraid to üèì
&bZenith Anniversary Event&r
It's been nearly a year since the Celestial Zenith launched on
December 16, 2023, and since then you all have played it
remarkably over 100,000 times! Now it is finally almost time to
put those dusty leaderboard signs to use. Celebrate the holiday
season and bring your friends between
&bDecember 12&r and
&bDecember 26&r to participate in 6-player Zenith! Times will
approximately be during the standard weekly update time,
depending on the status of the 1.20 content freeze.
Good luck and have fun!6-player Zenith is now live! Best of
luck!Welcome @lynx1240 as your newest moderator!! Please gift
them plenty of üèì
&bMerry Christmas from Team Monumenta!&r
Merry Christmas, everyone ‚Ä¢ 'tis the season of remembrance.
While many may be prepping for the holidays and new year ahead
of us, I think it's important for us to reflect on the journey
that we all went through this year. So as always, come join me
as we walk back through what 2024 brought to this game and
community.
In January, we saw the final content drop as part of our initial
Star Point expansion ‚Ä¢ Sirius, the final herald. As Monumenta's
fourth world boss, Sirius brought with it a unique objective-
based fight that pitted you, Tuulen, and Aurora against the
blight of the Stars. This is not the end for Serebria though,
and the fallout from the herald's defeat will be explored in
2025 as we see the conclusion of the Chapter 3 storyline!
One of Monumenta's most fundamental qualities is the push to
play content with your friends, and nothing is more exemplary of
this than the Guild system! February saw a drastic overhaul of
our backend guild systems, adding numerous quality of life
features and establishing the framework needed to continue
adding more in the future and supporting a far greater number of
guilds. For example, one of our major goals in the coming year
is the transition of guild plots and islands to our world-
instancing system!
Kicking off March, Monumenta saw the initial release of our
custom Market plugin! It is one of the team's long term goals to
make selling and purchasing among the community as seamless as
possible, and the Market plugin is our first step towards that
end. With several features added throughout the year, we hope to
continue seeing its usefulness grow in the months to come!As
Monumenta continues to create an increasingly expansive endgame
in the Architect's Ring, it is important that we look back and
ensure that our early game lives up to the standards of content
experienced later on. As such, April saw the continuation of
this endeavor, releasing Phase 4 of the Sierhaven rework and the
Farr rework! This release laid the groundwork for the Phase 5
release that came later in the year, as well as numerous POI
reworks throughout. You can continue to expect our work on the
King's Valley to continue into 2025, focusing largely on the
beginning stages of the game such as the swamp and Labs/White!
Stepping away from content for a moment, an often overlooked
aspect of Monumenta is the immense work and dedication placed
into the resource pack by our RP Devs! One such contribution is
the application of their own patron perk, Hope Skins ‚Ä¢ a passion
project that held some of wackiest textures in the game, but was
often plagued by being inaccessable due to the inactivity of
some recipients. In this vein, the full integration of this
system into the game came in May, in the form of Mastersmith
Antonio's Hope Skin shop! With the full publication of all
available Hope Skins, gone are the days of the struggle to
obtain these awesome displays of texture art!
Something we've yet to discuss was a large focus in 2024 among
the Quest Team to wrap out lingering storylines from our
previous regions. This began with the release of Guilding
Blocks, the finale to the Ishnir trade story, and continued on
in June with the release of both Silver Skinned, the finale to
the Shifting story, and An Unexpected Lesson, the continuation
of the Duchess story! This is an endeavor we remain committed
to, and the coming year will continue to see projects in this
vein!July was a particularly busy month, starting off with the
release of the Additive Damage rework! Balancing an MMO like
Monumenta becomes increasingly complex as the game further and
further pushes the limits of player power, and this rework to
our damage calculation system, which spent over a year in the
oven, promises a path forward for the game as we expand further
into Star Point and beyond!
Secondly, rounding out the month as we headed into August, came
the release of the Celestial Zenith's first major expansion!
Pushing the endgame into Ascension 18, adding unique modifiers
for these levels, a new reroll system, several new rooms, and
later in the year, Celestial Gifts and talisman overhauls! What
more lies in store for this content in the year to come?
In September came the next major content release to Monumenta,
the game's second full scale Raid, Hexfall! In this conclusion
to the Wolfswood storyline, you are pitted against the dryad
maiden, Hycenea, in her conquest to obtain the Blue Wool.
Secrets are not the only thing that lie below the Vernantia, but
some of the most mechanically complex boss fights Monumenta has
ever seen! While certainly not your average dungeon, this
spiritual successor to the Silver Knight's Tomb experiments
heavily with the formula set therein, and we are excited to see
what direction it might take in the future!Another addition to
Monumenta in 2024 that we have yet to discuss was the
introduction early in the year of Item Discoveries. These often
small and hidden interactions serve as a way to promote
exploration throughout the game, rewarding players for searching
every nook and cranny across Monumenta's world. That said,
nothing quite encapsulates the sheer potential of item
discoveries as a framework for storytelling and community
cooperation as what came in October, the release of the
Smallpoint discovery! In this region-crossing adventure, you
experience a tale unlike anything Monumenta has ever told ‚Ä¢ one
I can hardly speak on lest I spoil you, but also one that sets
the bar for stories to come!
And finally, we reach November and December. It has been a long
standing belief of the dev team that the best way to keep
Monumenta relevant in the years to come is to stay as updated to
Minecraft's versions as possible. As such, in these months we
have placed a pause on content releases as we spend time
upgrading to the server to 1.20.4! This as usual has been a
lengthy process, filled with strange bugs and backend changes,
but rest assured that we remain hard at work to bring Monumenta
back to our regular release schedule, and are spending the
downtime wrapping out several pieces of content to come in the
early days of 2025!
And there we have it, Monumenta's 2024 in a not-so-brief
nutshell, and we didn't even discuss more minor releases such as
the Teal mechanical overhaul, ability hotbars, the
warlock/reaper revamps, enchantopedia, grave poses, the mail
system, and so much more! While the year certainly had less
massive content drops than we typically see, it is still in many
ways starkly different than it was just a year ago, and we're
all excited to see the year ahead as 2025 shapes up to be a
great time for us!
So with that, from all of here at Team Monumenta, we wish you
all a Merry Christmas, and Happy New Year!
