Monumenta #change-logs
**Hotfix:** Ring Around the Rose is no longer impossible to
complete on isles and isle-2
**(10.8.0)**  For the update on November 2, 2023  **Major New
Features:**  **Shaman: Region 3 Class Enhancements and Charms:**
In continuation with the shaman release plan, all enhancements
and charms have been added alongside a skill rework in place of
Adhesive Totem and some further balance tweaks!  *Dev note:
Thank you to those who have helped internally with testing and
balancing, namely Chiinox for help balancing ahead of r3 shaman
and throughout the beta testing, and to the players for
providing feedback over the months, provided enhancement ideas
(some of which you will notice made it through), and overall
helping keep things going!*  __Major changes to existing
logic/skills:__  - Projectile flight path has been adjusted to
having a max flight time and x/z distance from the player before
dropping straight down. - Flame Totem damage adjust from 4/6 ->
4/5, radius adjusted from 7 at both levels to 6/7 - Lightning
Totem damage adjusted from 16/24 -> 14/21  - Adhesive Totems has
been replaced by Crystalline Combos: __Crystalline Combos__:
Level 1: Every kill not caused by this skill grants you 1 stack
of crystals and after 15 stacks the crystals lash out at any
mobs within 12 blocks of you at a rate of 1 shot per 0.6s,
dealing 7 damage to each for a total of 16 shots. Stacks decay
at a rate of 1 stack per 8s. Level 2: Damage increased to 10,
number of shots increased to 20, stack decay rate is reduced to
1 stack per 12s, and stack threshold is reduce from 15 to 12.
**Enhancements:** __Cleansing Totem__: Throwing the totem
cleanses the shaman and heals 20% max health instantly. Directly
hitting another player with the projectile applies the same
effects on impact. __Flame Totem__: The totem now throws
explosive fireballs at a target within range every second that
deal 6 magic damage in a 2.5 block radius and set mobs on fire
for 2 seconds instead of the base skill's approach. Applies
inferno at 50% efficiency. __Lightning Totem__: If the totem
kills a mob, there is a 75% chance of it spawning a lightning
rod at the mob's location. The lightning rod will deal 50% of
the main magic damage to all mobs within 2 blocks of the rod
every 2 seconds. __Earthen Tremor__: Tremor now sends out an
additional 6 shockwaves from the edge of the radius outwards for
an additional 5 blocks with a radius of 3 blocks. Damage is
increased by 2.5. __Totemic Projection__: For every totem
affected by this ability, the Shaman gets +10% Attack/Projectile
damage for 6s. __Interconnected Havoc__: Mobs are now knocked
back from the player when coming in contact with the line for
the first time and are stunned for 0.5s. __Chain Lightning__:
Now causes each totem it bounces off of to instantly pulse its
effects at 60% efficiency for damaging totems and 25% efficiency
for the rest. __Crystalline Combos__: Pressing swap while
sneaking and holding a projectile weapon will use all existing
crystal stacks to provide 2.5% speed per stack (max 90%) to the
Shaman for 6s. Decay rate reduced to 1 stack per 12s. Cooldown
4s.  **Charms:** Charms have been added across the region's
pois, dungeons, strikes and more! As part of this, to allow for
space, the charms Cracked Pocketwatch, Ancient Shadowstone,
Blade of the Sealed, and Deepwrought Ruby have been relocated to
the R3 Fishing rewards systems, and shaman charms have been put
in their place.
**Mob Changes:**  - Willowroot Leech: Jump cooldown increased
from 5s to 10s  __Transcendent Modifier Changes:__
Transcendental Missile: - Cooldown: 1.5s -> 5s/4.5s/4.5s -
Charges: 1 -> 3, with interval of 0.5s - Turn Radius:
0.04/0.06/0.06 -> 0.02/0.03/0.03  Transcendent Wrath: -
Telegraph duration: 0.5s -> 0.75s - Added additional
particles/sounds to telegraph - jump attack delayed by 0.25s -
Will exclude certain patterns depending on the mob's Y position
relative to the player  Transcendent Commander: - Added
particles to mob and additional particles/sound to actual
reinforcements action  __Bloodthirsty Modifier Changes:__ - The
ability now functions like other abilities (has a cooldown,
etc.) instead of being based on when the mobâ€™s AI changes
targets. Additionally, the telegraph for the ability has been
improved.  More delve modifier changes are planned for the next
week, stay tuned!  **Minor New Features:**  - The Water Cavern
poi in The Kings Valley has been fully remade, thanks
@ChargingUv for this build contribution!  **Item Changes** -
Inferno now experiences slight diminishing returns as its total
level increases. The exact damage formula is [Level]^0.95
__Region 1:__ - Eventide : 10 -> 3 Knockback Resistance, 3 -> 0
Fire Protection   - This change was requested by the patron
__Region 3:__ *Tiered:* - Silvari Greatshield (T1) : 6 -> 4.5
Armor - Dagger of the Masked (T2) : 1 -> 1.5 Knockback
Resistance - Rootweave Shield (T2) : 6.5 -> 5 Armor - Soulwoven
Shield (T3) : 7 -> 5.5 Armor - Tuathan Set (T3) : 5.5 -> 6 Armor
- Region 3 Tiered Projectile Damage Armor Sets (Ashkii, Comet,
Dragonkin) : 1 -> 2 Feather Falling  *Quest Reward:* - Wolf's
Rosary (M3) : 7.5 -> 8 Armor - Pelias' Last Step (M3) : 8.5 -> 8
Armor - Hycenea's Vinelash (M3) : 5% -> 15% Speed  *Silver
Knight's Tomb:* - Immortal Flame (M3) : 1 -> 2 Second Wind, 7.5
-> 7 Armor - Primordial Treads (M3) : 4 -> 4.5 Agility - God
Tamer (M3) : 2 -> 1 Magic Protection - Razed Remnants : +50% ->
+60% Panacea Damage  *The Wolfswood:* - Shrouded Sabatons (M3) :
5 -> 4 Melee Protection, 5 -> 4 Magic Protection, 5% -> 10%
Attack Damage - Laboratory Apron (M3) : 25% -> 20% Projectile
Damage - Journey's End (M3) : 10.5 -> 10 Armor - Samsara Vessel
(M3) : 5 -> 5.5 Agility, 3 -> 5 Thorns Damage - Hollow Rings
(M3) : 8 -> 9 Armor - Twisted Pike (M3) : 3 -> 4 Point Blank,
15.5 -> 16 Projectile Damage - Mycelian Cap (M3) : 6 -> 5.5
Armor, 5 -> 4 Melee Protection - Defiled Carving (M3) : 10 -> 8
Agility  *Pelias' Keep:* - Adanartis (M3) : Stamina 2 -> 3, 0 ->
5% Attack Damage - Iridium Crown (M3) : 0 -> 1 Regicide, 6.5 ->
6 Agility - Stonewrought Helmet (M3) : 3 -> 2 Melee Protection,
3 -> 2 Projectile Protection - Chains of Legacy (M3) : 14.5 ->
14 Armor - Pelias' Warden (M3) : 10% -> 15% Max Health -
Stalwart Protector (M3) : 9.5 -> 8.5 Armor, 0 -> 1 Second Wind
*Coven's Gambit:* - Treads of the Hungerer (M3) : 8.5 -> 8 Armor
- Hycenea's Chains (M3) : 14.5 -> 14 Agility - Roots of the Fen
(M3) : 9 -> 9.5 Armor - Veiled Might (M3) : 9.5 -> 9 Agility -
Venomous Folly (M3) : 9.5 -> 9 Armor
*Masquerader's Ruin:* - Siegebreaker Boots (M3) : 5 -> 4 Proj
Prot - Molten Meteorite : -70% -> -60% Starfall Cooldown
*Cradle of the Broken God:* - Core-Injected Safety Suit (M3) :
15% -> 0 Speed, 12 -> 11.5 Agility - Clockwork Enigma (M3) : 11
-> 10 Armor - Motherboard Calibrator (M3) : 2 -> 1 Projectile
Protection - Sludge Stompers (M3) : 8 -> 8.5 Agility - Steamgaze
Monocle (M3) : Magic Protection 3 -> 2 - Copper Furnace : -10%
Inferno Damage  *The Godspore's Domain:* - Lamellic Delusion
(M3) : 11.5 -> 11 Armor - Roots of Influence (M3) : 8 -> 8.5
Armor  *Gallery of Fear:* - Sanguine Hood (M3) : 10 -> 9.5
Agility - Royal Anklets (M3) : 9.5 -> 9 Agility - Silver Heart
(M3) : 6.5 -> 6 Armor - Argentum Arbitrium (M3) : 1 -> 2 Curse
of Anemia, 6 -> 6.5 Agility - Duskborn Graft (M3) : 8.5 -> 7
Agility - Striking Torrent (M2) : 7 -> 7.5 Armor - Garb of the
Gallows (M3) : 8.5 -> 7.5 Agility - Death's Gaze (M3) : 24 ->
23.5 Projectile Damage, 1.5 -> 1 Projectile Speed - Oneiro
Mavros (M3) : 19 -> 20.5 Damage - Bloodlust : -20% -> -10%
Glorious Battle Velocity - Contorting Blade : -1.5 -> -2 Cloak
and Dagger Stealth Duration - Looming Demise : 50% -> 40%
Starfall Radius, 30% -> 25% Starfall Damage  *Exalted Dungeons:*
- EX Zanil's Regret (M3) : 9.5 -> 8 Agility, 5 -> 0 Fire
Protection, 0 -> 1 Tempo - EX Bonepiercer (M3) : 1 -> 1.5
Projectile Speed - EX Tlaxan Bulwark (M3) : 5 -> 2 Max Health, 0
-> 2 Sustenance - EX Chains of the Damned (M3) : 8 -> 7 Armor -
EX Ironscale Leggings (M3) : 1 -> 0 Shielding, 0 -> 1 Steadfast
- EX Shimmering Veil (M3) : 6.5 -> 5 Agility - EX Stoneborn
Tunic (M3) : 7 -> 6.5 Armor  *Misc:* - Circuit Breaker (M3) :
16% -> 10% Magic Damage - Totem of Life (M3) : 0 -> 2 Magic
Protection - Roots of Life (M3) : 2 -> 3 Sustenance, 1 -> 2
Magic Protection
**Feedback Fixes:**  - Azacor artifact chests now roll for a
random uncommon - Added an ender chest to the ground floor of
the seasonal pass area - Removed berry bushes from swamp section
of the Wolfswood  **Major Bug Fixes:**  - Mobs riding horses can
move again  **Minor Bug Fixes:**  - Fixed the second checkpoint
of Blue's Air Branch not working - Properly fixed completing a
non-delve R3 bounty clearing your Delve modifiers - Fixed
Teewie's Flower Crown having Unbreaking 3 instead of Unbreaking
4 - Fixed Lesser Charm of Penumbra having twice the intended
drop rate due to a duplicate entry in the loot table - Fixed
Rhygfar offering Marauder's Haze for Marauder's Haze and a
Challenger's Emblem instead of Spider's Crux - Fixed Elixir of
Draining Life and Elixir of Famine having the same effects -
Fixed 5 creeper spawners in Exalted Willows, Exalted Orange,
Yellow, Exalted Yellow, and Frostbitten Caves - Fixed minor
build errors in Shifting lobby, Terracotta Mining Town,
Emberborne Sanctuary, Locum Vernantia, Chillwind, Masquerader's
Ruin, Light Blue,  Amplified Overgrown Cave, and Forsworn
Sanctum lobby - Missing continuous dialogue indicators have been
added to Bleeding Proof, Mirrored Egos, and Treasure for the
Future - Fixed a bug where mob projectile abilities set to not
collide with non-targeted entities were colliding with non-
targeted entities - Fixed a bug where certain mob attacks would
disable Shielding despite not breaking shields
- Fixed several bugs with Bloodthirsty - Dungeon race mode no
longer grants delve challenge advancements and trophies - The
ghast section of Ring Around the Rose now auto-resets upon
entering the area, preventing future occurrences of the step
becoming uncompletable - Map Potions have been given the legacy
tag - The code for the Gray Tesseract has been significantly
cleaned up, fixing a bug that occurred if 2 charges were used in
quick succession, as well as running slightly quicker now - A
line with the charm trader Elantia has received a grammatical
rewrite - Apportation Runes can no longer be consumed during
races - Fixed some errors in Ryker of the Silver Order's
dialogue. - Fixed a stuck spot in Galengarde - Fixed an
unnecessary space in the Story SKT win message - Fixed the
teleporter to the ruins in the quest Treasure for the Future,
teleporting the player in the ground
The player market has been locked following this week's update.
In order to unlock your shop talk to the shop shulker and select
`I want to unlock this shop`. The Headless Horseman has been
reopened. The City of Shifting Waters is still bugged. Players
are advised to complete the dungeon in a single sitting to avoid
instance corruption.
